if you have visited jacqueline glenn's
instagram
you've seen a lot of photographs of her
body
and you've probably seen her commenting
on weight loss
weight gain her diet in the abstract
what you have not seen very much of
is the food that she eats
and there's a reason for this jaclyn
glenn
is not a person who had many meaningful
things
in her life but for many many years
she was vegetarian and she seemed to
take vegetarianism
seriously this was something she had in
common
with her old nemesis with her moriarty
phoenician and in front of the chemistry
building there were all these uh people
a lot of times they were animal rights
groups and they were handing out
pamphlets
on factory farming and a lot of times i
walk by them ignore them
um and uh one day i was really late to
class so i did not have time to
like tell them to leave me alone so i
just took a pamphlet and i was like
thank you and i kept going to class
and um i was bored so i started looking
through it and uh
i was really grossed out by a lot of the
pictures that i saw
um i was really horrified by what i saw
and i found a lot of onision videos
i'm sure you guys know who he is i
mentioned in my videos before but he
does a lot of videos on being a
vegetarian and he's very strict
and militant actually there's one called
militant vegetarian
but he's very straight to the point he
does not sugarcoat anything and i really
needed that at the time well let's see
here we're living beings we like being
alive right so if we kill
other beings that probably like being
alive that's not really something that
we have to debate now is it
oh wait yes it is because you guys are
morons let me tell you what dude if
someone comes in your house and carves
you up and eats you what are you gonna
say about that
are you gonna say please don't carve up
my family please don't eat everyone i've
ever met
i don't deserve this kind of pain oh
wait yes you do because you've been
doing it to other living beings
the difference is that when an isean
ceased to be vegetarian he made a public
apology video
discussing his reasons and indeed an
issue did struggle for several years to
make the transition from
merely vegetarian to absolutely vegan
to deal with and discuss the ethical
issues involved
jacqueline glenn eats meat
if you've been to my channel before you
might now be expecting me
to juxtapose some horrifying images
of animal slaughter but instead i want
to present you with this
this is a middle class family in a small
town in china
who live with their pigs and who really
do
literally treat them like pets they
treat these pigs
better than most people treat their pet
dogs they live with them
they even love them and you can see it
throughout these videos
and then you know what they kill them
and eat them too
these are people who kill
and carve up animals with their bare
hands
every day and even if you don't speak
chinese
you can see from the titles of many of
their videos
they're aware of how horrifying it is
they're aware
of how immoral it is they live
their lives not with quote unquote
cognitive dissonance
what what do any of us mean when we say
cognitive business they live their lives
committed
to treating these pigs with as much
kindness
as they possibly can while being aware
of the monstrous cruelty of their whole
firming operation of the horror
of men women and children twisting the
heads off of chickens
tearing the limbs off of pigs day in
and day out ultimately for no
reason at all other
than our cultural familiarity with the
taste
of animal flesh
a lot of people feel that they don't
have a choice because they live and work
on a farm because they live and work in
poverty whatever their situation may be
jacqueline it's people like you and i
who can make a choice and jacqueline
it's especially
people like you and initiate who can set
a better example for the world to follow
ethics matter outcomes matter doing the
right thing just because it's the right
thing to do
matters it might be inconvenient for you
jacqueline when you're on your
multi-million dollar vacation
in the maldives it might be inconvenient
for you
to insist on a vegetarian or a vegan
diet
but it's the right thing to do my sling
is editorial explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me